# Assignment 1

## Learning Objectives
This assignment tests your ability to use the skills that you have learned to perform the following tasks.

+ You will need to apply the Visual Studio .NET navigation skills that you learned in the hands-on labs to create Web pages.
+ You need to understand the syntax of the HTML 5 languages (elements, attributes, and document structure.)
+ You must use specific HTML tags and attributes to create various pages based on the labs and class presentations.
+ You need to be able to upload a Web site to a Web server in the proper folder using property naming conventions.
+ You must be able to use the W3C validation server to verify the syntax of each page in the assignment. The validation report must be included as an image at the end of each page.
+ You should test the Web site to make sure that it works.

## General Requirements
For this homework assignment, you will create a Web site made up of three different pages and links between those pages. You will also upload the Web site to the College of Business student Web server. The pages that you create will utilize the HTML 5 tags discussed so far in class. The name of the student Web server is students.coba.unr.edu. There is also an alias of swww.coba.unr.edu. So both URLs will work correctly. 

You will create three pages named index.htm, links.htm, and semantic.htm. Make sure to name the pages correctly. On each of these pages, create a reference to the HTML 5 DTD. Note that this is usually done automatically when you add an empty HTML 5 page in Visual Studio. Make sure that you validate the document against the HTML5 DTD using the W3C validator mentioned in class. This is the same validator that you used in the first lab. Note that the two errors indicating the byte order mark, and the HTML 5 draft are acceptable. Points will be deducted for other errors. 

Create all of the files (pages) so that they appear in the same folder on the Web server. Also, make sure that you remember to upload any images that are part of your site. In addition, all of the pages should have a similar look and feel. That is, the header, body, and footer content should look similar between pages. Don't worry about the formatting of text other than the formatting specified in the instructions. You will learn how to apply formatting using CSS later in the course. 

Important: For each page that you create, capture a screen shot of the W3C Validation Report to show me that the page is correct. I suggest that you use the Snipping Tool to capture the screen shot. Insert the image of this screen shot at the bottom of each page. Points will be deducted if the Validation Report is not displayed. Points will be deducted if the Validation Report contains errors, other than those mentioned above. 

### Index.htm
+ Create a horizontal line across the very top and bottom of the page.
+ Also on the home page, create links to the other two pages. The links should appear just below the line at the top of the page. You must use relative links between the pages in your site.
+ The home page should have a level 1 heading containing your full name. Your name should appear below the links to the other two pages.
+ Add a picture of your choosing to the home page such that it appears below the level 1 heading. You must use a relative reference for the image.
+ Put a copyright notice using the appropriate named entity at the very bottom of the page below the last horizontal line. It should have the copyright symbol, followed by your name. You can use a named or numbered entity to do this.
+ Write the necessary tag so that the text Home appears in the browser's title bar.

### Links.htm
+ Create a horizontal line across the very top and bottom of the page, just as you did on the first page.
+ Also on the page, create links to the other two pages. The links should appear just below the line at the top of the page.
+ Create a level 1 heading as you did on the first page. The text of the heading should be Links.
+ Create links to three other Web sites of your choosing. These links must appear in a bulleted (unordered) list.
+ Create an image that will function as a link to www.skirose.com. You can download their logo from www.skirose.com. The logo appears in the upper-left corner of the Mt. Rose Web page. When the user clicks the image, visit the Mt. Rose Web site. This image link should appear just below the bulleted list.
+ Write the necessary tag so that the text Links appears in the browser's title bar.

### Semantic.htm
As you know, we are facing a significant drought in Nevada and California. This part of your assignment requires that you capture the content of a related article, and mark it with more appropriate semantic content. 

For the following Web page (article), you will need to copy and paste the content from the article to a Web page that you create. The content of this page was likely generated by a content management system of some kind. So you can copy and paste the content as you see fit. Copy the content directly from the browser or by viewing the source code. 

+ Again, create horizontal lines at the top and bottom of the page.
+ Create links to the other two pages. The links should appear just below the line at the top of the page.
+ You must use the following article and its content to create this page:
  + The NOAA 1/29/2014 drought article
+ Copy the content from this article to the Web page. You will also need to capture the image(s) from this page. Make sure that each paragraph is enclosed in an appropriate paragraph tag.
+ The figure captions must appear emphasized. Use the semantic emphasis tag.
+ The article has a date. Include the date at the end of the article. Use the proper semantic tag to do this.
+ The article has and author. Include the author name at the end of the article.
+ Write the necessary tag so that the text Semantic appears in the browser's title bar.

### Semantic specifications.
+ Mark the above article with an <article> tag and an appropriate header.
+ Use the proper tags to describe the reviewer.
+ Use the proper tag to represent the article date.

### Posting the Web Site
+ Using FileZilla, create a folder named Assignment1 on the server as a subfolder of your home folder. To do this, make sure that you are connected to the student Web Server.  Right-click on the server folder in Filezilla (right-side). On the context menu that appears, click Create Directory. Change the name, as necessary.
+ Post all the files in your web site to a folder named Assignment1. That is, all files should appear as immediate children of the Assignment1 folder. Thus, the URL to your site should be REDACTED.
+ Make sure to test your site to make sure that everything is working correctly. I suggest that you verify that all links work, and that all images are properly rendered.
